tidb-in-kubernetes: refine TiDB in K8s docs (#1453)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/deploy/general-kubernetes.md

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
mkdir -p /home/tidb/<release-name> && \
helm inspect values pingcap/tidb-cluster --version=<chart-version> > /home/tidb/<release-name>/values-<release-name>.yaml
```

> **Note:**
>
> - You can replace `/home/tidb` with any directory as you like.
> - `release-name` is the prefix of resources used by TiDB in Kubernetes (such as Pod, Service, etc.). You can give it a name that is easy to memorize but this name must be *globally unique*. You can view existing `release-name`s in the cluster by running the `helm ls -q` command.
> - `chart-version` is the version released by the `tidb-cluster` chart. You can view the currently supported versions by running the `helm search -l tidb-cluster` command.

> > - In the rest of this document, `values.yaml` refers to `/home/tidb/<releaseName>/values-<releaseName>.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - In the rest of this document, `values.yaml` refers to `/home/tidb/<release-name>/values-<release-name>.yaml`.
```
